Here's a really quick thing I want to show you.
I've selected this heading stored it in the community heading variable,
and modified its font size and color properties.
Let's save this file and then see what that looks like.
So if I scroll down here and refresh the page,
we can see that this is what the heading would look like after reloading the page.
And I can right click this and choose inspect element,
and I can see that it's added the font size and the color properties.
I can see those styles applied here too.
Now, let's go back to the code editor and let's switch over to the index file.
Now the javascript file is all the way at the bottom.
Let me just move this up a bit.
So we can see this here,
out of 1206 lines of code,
this is it, 1203,
here's the javascript file.
Now, let's actually cut this for a second and move it up to the head.
So let me save this file and reload the browser.
Here we are in the browser, now let's reload.
We can see that our heading is what it used to be,
the original way, it hasn't been modified by the javascript at all.
And we can see in our div tools that we have an error,
uncaught type error, cannot read property style of null.
From what you know about the DOM and how to manipulate
things in the loading of JavaScript,
try and think about why this might be.
We'll look at how to fix this in the next section.